fix: add deployed url info (#659)
novuhq/docs: deployment/cli.mdx

```bash
npx novu@latest sync --bridge-url <YOUR_DEPLOYED_URL> --secret-key <NOVU_SECRET_KEY>
```

- If your application api server is running at URL **https://api.domain.com** and **/api/novu** endpoint is serving Novu workflows created using Novu Framework, then `<YOUR_DEPLOYED_URL>`in above command will be `https://api.domain.com/api/novu`

> - If your application is running in local machine with local studion server, then tunnel url can be used as `<YOUR_DEPLOYED_URL>`. Tunnel url is in the format `https://041e553c-0dbf-47e0-8ffa-c4536f390145.novu.sh/api/novu`. Here `041e553c-0dbf-47e0-8ffa-c4536f390145` is the tunnel id which is different for each tunnel started using Novu CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your application is running in local machine with a local studio server, the tunnel URL can be used as `<YOUR_DEPLOYED_URL>`. The tunnel URL follows the format of `https://<UUID>.novu.sh/api/novu`, and example is `https://041e553c-0dbf-47e0-8ffa-c4536f390145.novu.sh/api/novu`. In this example `041e553c-0dbf-47e0-8ffa-c4536f390145` is the unique tunnel identifier which is generated for each Novu user when starting a tunnel via `npx novu@latest dev`. The tunnel identifier is persisted to your local machine to guarantee the same tunnel URL each time you invoke `npx novu@latest dev`.
```
